then he showed me Joshua the high priest
standing before the angel of the Lord
and Satan standing at his right hand to
oppose him and the Lord said to Satan
the Lord rebuke you Satan the Lord who
has chosen Jerusalem rebuke you is this
not a brand plucked from the fire now
Joshua was clothed with filthy garments
and was standing before the angel then
he answered and spoke to those who stood
before him take away the filthy garments
from him see I have removed your
iniquity from me and I will clothe you
with rituals and I said let them put a
clean turban on his head so they put a
clean turban on his head and they put
the clothes on him and the angel of the
Lord stood by then the angel of the Lord
admonished Joshua thus says the Lord of
hosts if you will walk in my ways and if
you will keep my command
then you shall also judge my house and
likewise have charge of my courts I will
give you places to walk among these who
stand here here Oh Joshua the high
priest you and your companions who sit
before you for they are a wondrous sign
for behold I am bringing forth my
servant the branch for behold the stone
that I have laid before Joshua upon the
stone are seven eyes
behold I will engrave its inscription
says a lot of hosts and I will remove
the iniquity of that land in one day in
that day says a lot of hosts everyone
will invite his neighbor under his vine
and under his fig tree
[Music]